OSDOCS-16940: DITA abstracts — OLM admin/user topics (#115359)
openshift/openshift-docs: operators/admin/olm-troubleshooting-operator-issues.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can troubleshoot Operator issues in {product-title} by checking subscription status, Operator pod health, and Operator logs. These diagnostics help you identify and resolve problems with Operators installed by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience Operator issues, verify Operator subscription status. Check Operator pod health across the cluster and gather Operator logs for diagnosis.
```
